All right!
Everybody's going crazy
All night
Yeah, that's James Beals.
Lionel Luther is expecting my call.
There's a hump out there.
I don't care if he's in a meeting!
Get him out of it!
Tell him I found something!
No, I won't hold!
Get him!
Just a good old boy
Never meanin' no harm
What's the hurry, pal?
I think I'm comin'
Whoa, whoa!
Hey!
Move it already!
Who's whyin' so remained in Vettel?
I wasn't there!
You left!
Who are you talking to?
Wait up, why don't you help me?
Be careful.
Every man must come to something else.
That's easy.
Nevermind my place.
see ya later.
See ya.
COR abrirap con el Nobody know.
Bye!
I'm a tick 감사 был residents here.
Love ya.
I'm anti Oduras.
The truck, you all right?
Shit.
Hey, hey, hey!
I'm gonna get you out of here.
Smoke, I'm gonna put you down.
All right.
Come on now.
Can you hear me? Are you okay?
I am.
Hey!
We gotta get you out of here.
Somebody save me.
Let your warm hands break right through me.
Don't care how you do it.
Just stay, stay.
Come on.
I've been waiting for you.
Just stay.
I've made this whole world shine for you.
Just stay, stay.
Come on.
I've made this whole world shine for you.
Just stay, stay.
Come on.
Dr. Hamilton.
I thought part of our arrangement was that you don't drop in on me.
The situation's come up in my lab.
Don't you mean you're bringing me in?
But I don't see clarifying bubbles.
I guess you just don't see them.
I just think you're just being too reasonable.
What the hell wasメ
I just think you're hallucinating.
I see that.
Uh, been a long time.
Let's go.
I irradiated the dormant seeds with media fragments.
I want to know the effects on people, not plants.
It's a first step. That's what science is.
It's a process, a journey. You know what?
Either you understand that or you find someone else.
What's his name?
James Beals.
I just found out that he was in a car accident.
He almost didn't make it, but another driver pulled him out.
Don't tell me it was Clark Kent.
Actually, it was his father, Jonathan.
Mom? Dad?
I just heard about the, uh...
I did not need to see that.
Hey, son. Just getting the old heroes welcome, you know what I mean?
What's going on?
What's going on with Dad?
I don't know. He's been acting strange ever since he got home.
Hey, Clark.
Football game on TV. You want to watch it with me?
Don't you have work to do?
Ah, chores can wait.
Besides, whoa!
I earned a rest. You can pick up the slack for me, can't you?
Jonathan?
It's good to see this whole hero thing didn't go to your head.
I'm sorry.
I hope I'm not interrupting.
Hi, Lex. Come in.
What's up, Lex?
Looking for Mr. Kent.
What do you want?
I heard you pulled one of my employees out of a car today.
I wanted to see if you were all right.
No, you didn't.
You wanted to see if I was going to sue you or not.
Of course, that would put an end to all my financial difficulty, wouldn't it?
Jonathan, that's enough.
No, it's not enough, Martha.
You see, I don't like Lex Luthor.
I don't like Lionel Luthor,
I don't like your friendship with my son.
In fact, if all of you Luthers were to dry up and die,
I wouldn't shed a tear.
Dad, that's enough.
I think I'll take a nap.
Lex.
Wow. Drinking beer, mouthing off, and countermacking with your mom?
Congratulations, Clark. You're dad's the best back to being a teenager.
He's been under a lot of stress lately.
I'm seriously wondering if he's beginning to crack.
Who takes a three-hour nap in the middle of the afternoon?
I don't know, but I still like the part where he dissed Lex.
Why? What do you have against Lex?
Hmm, let's see. He screwed my family out of the cream corn factory.
Well, Pete, that was 12 years ago, and it wasn't him. It was his father.
Still, I've never been crazy about the guy.
Why don't you say something before you say it?
Of course. I was hoping sooner the lady you'd see was bad news.
What's your deepest desire?
I mean, if nothing was holding you back, what would you guys do?
Hello, Chloe. Nice to see you, too. What's up?
Principal Kwan thinks that I need to get more in touch with the pulse of the student body.
So I've decided to do a poll.
Now, if you would both please do your statistical duty.
I'd go over and make out with that girl right now.
You know, every answer I've gotten so far has been either sex or violence related.
That's human nature, Chloe.
Later.
Hi.
Did you know that Pete doesn't like Lex?
Yeah, he's like totally jealous of your friendship with him.
He feels like you guys aren't as close as you used to be.
Hey.
Hi.
What about you, Lana?
Got one?
Um, I would climb the windmill down in Chandler's Field.
Really?
That's your deepest desire.
Somebody told me you could see the Metropolis skyline from there.
I just haven't got the guts to climb up and see for myself.
Okay.
I can always make something up.
No, it's good.
It's good.
I like it.
It's unleashing the inner Lana.
Okay.
Okay, Clark.
You're up.
Clark, remember it's a PG-13 poll?
Ever since Winnie's father's been in the hospital, there's been an old saying that
the best thing to do is to be a good kid.
And that's what I've been doing.
I've been doing it for a long time.
You know, Clark, there are other girls out there that don't require crossing an emotional
line field.
Yeah, but I can't just turn up my feelings for her.
You know, the choice is yours.
You can either sit in your loft and play with your telescope or move on.
All right, I'm going to bed.
Bye.
Bye-bye.
All right.
What do you say you and I go up into the hayloft
and have us a little fun, huh?
Uh, not... not now.
Somebody's got to do some work around here.
Um, maybe you would like to call Lex Luthor and apologize.
Why?
All I did was tell him the truth.
I know I said you should let your feelings out,
but you're taking this too far.
What's wrong with you?
Nothing.
I feel free.
You don't look well.
You're burning up.
Why don't you go back to bed?
I'll make you some soup when I get back.
Hey!
There's no much better way to break a fever.
Sweetheart, I have to go, really.
This is the cats. Leave a message.
Jonathan, it's Jim Alexander over at the bank.
Look, I'm going to be straight with you.
I'm afraid we're going to have to turn down your loan.
Hello, Jim?
Yeah, listen to me.
I have done nothing but give back to this community,
and all anyone has ever done for me is screw me over.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to come down there to that bank,
and you are going to have to turn my loan down right to my face.
That way I can see whether you still have a pair
or whether your wife keeps them in a drawer, too.
Ah!
Dad, what are you doing?
I have done nothing but give back to this town,
and they've done nothing but screw me over.
Well, this time they pushed me too far,
and I'm pushing back.
Not with a shotgun.
Dad, you got to slow down.
You're not thinking.
I'm thinking just fine.
All right, son. Now get out of my way.
Clark.
Dad.
His symptoms indicate a severe anaphylactic shock,
but we can't detect any known antigen.
What is it, then?
Truth is, if he'd come in just yesterday,
I'd say I'd never seen anything like it.
But we admitted a car crash
victim this morning, a James Beals,
showed identical symptoms.
That's the guy Dad saved.
How's he doing?
Not good.
He fell into a coma an hour ago.
Okay, uh, so what are we doing out here?
Well,
Mr. Kent and Mr. Beals both have the same symptoms.
So this is the only place they've been together,
so I'm assuming that whatever happened to Mr. Kent
was caused by something from out here.
What are we looking for?
Anything.
Wow.
The debris starts from way over there
and ends over in that ditch.
That's some serious road rage.
.
What you got?
Sorry.
That's all right.
Let's get out of here.
This place is a dead end.
It seems you haven't been completely honest with me, Dr. Hamilton.
I told you.
It's under control.
Two men with an unexplained illness for which no one seems to know the cure.
Is it my idea of under control?
I did a little research of my own into your unauthorized botany experience.
I'm not sure if that's what you're talking about.
Apparently, in 1871, a strange contagion struck the Morley settlement,
and 200 people died almost overnight.
A priest who witnessed the scene left a diary.
His last entries describe how the settlers began acting out of character.
He claimed the local flower was the blame.
On God's green earth, this flower was the thief in the temple,
the silent temptress that, with a single sneeze,
brought out the basest instincts in men
and drove them to the grave.
Drove them to violence.
That's been relegated to folklore in scientific circles.
If you don't believe in this, you won't mind if I lift the lid and smell the flower?
Why'd you bring it back?
These flowers were believed to have toxins that, while deadly, might have other applications.
I'm not here to bankroll your pet projects.
I'm only interested in the meteors.
You wanted to know what they could do.
Putting people in the hospital
wasn't part of the plan.
Every discovery has their consequences.
If Jonathan Kent dies, you're gonna lose something a lot more valuable than your tenure.
Pack up one of these flowers.
I got a team of specialists in Metropolis waiting to work on it.
It's my research.
I don't give a damn about your research.
I just want to find a cure.
I got what you need, boy
Baby, I do
And I will only
Cause you pain, yeah
I promise that I
I got what you need, boy
Baby, I do
And I will only
Wow.
Bring on the rain
What's the occasion?
Nothing.
I just thought we'd blow off class today.
I can't.
I'm barely keeping ahead.
I gotta go to the store, and then run by the hospital and see my dad.
You know what?
I am tired of your excuses.
Ever since your dad got sick, you haven't been any fun at all.
I'm sorry, Lana but it's kinda a big deal.
Whatever.
I feel like I'm locked in this relationship out of guilt
Lana, what's wrong with you?
Nothing...
I'm sorry.
I'm not keeping him inside anymore.
Well, if that's the way you feel, then maybe we need to reconfirm this relationship.
Okay, fine.
It's over with me.
Hey, Charlie.
Nice.
He cut the...
Not going to class, Clark?
Not really up to it.
What's the matter?
Nothing.
Just a change.
You like it?
Um, I think the operative word is gulp.
Let's go.
Listen.
I know things are rough.
But you can't let them get you down.
It's kind of hard not to.
The key is to keep your mind off it.
Let your friends be your friends.
Let them distract you.
Trust them.
I do trust you, Lana.
Good.
You can follow me.
I want honey.
I want cream.
I want sugar.
Um, what are we doing in here?
It's quiet.
It's also completely...
Supernatural.
...off limits.
Honey.
You're supernatural.
I'm not.
Lana, I don't think I'm really up for this.
Don't think too much, Clark.
Try not.
Right now I'm thinking you don't seem like yourself.
Or maybe?
I'm more me than ever.
Come on, I'm gonna...
This is crazy.
Point.
If life doesn't make you crazy,
then, uh, why bother living it?
I know that's how I want it.
The question is,
do you want what I want?
Now.
Lana.
Don't you want to come in, Clark?
I don't think so.
Baby.
Ow.
I know you want me, Clark.
Just stop holding back.
Come on.
You're not made of steel.
Where are you?
Don't worry.
Remember me?
We were archaic founder and chef.
And boom, now I'm a designer!
I'm a were thyme.
Venus,
baby.
Be slip differently when you scare me.
When I care baby A little,
and I'm never with you,
and you'd like that,
just be my во-
Oh,70 seconds if you can?
No.
About a minute?
She just stripped down in front of you.
Lana Lang in all her glory.
Most of her glory.
Not that Quan saw it.
Well, at least you'll have a nice picture to daydream about in Saturday detention.
It was weird.
She said everything I ever wanted to hear,
but it didn't seem like she knew what she was doing.
Well, what do you think made Lana Lang go soft core?
First my dad, now Lana.
Yeah, and don't forget that Beals guy.
Remember the one that your dad helped?
You know, you must have missed something at the accident site.
That's the only connection.
No, I didn't, because I was there and I'm fine.
It just doesn't make any sense.
Wade.
Looks like we weren't the only ones out there.
Who's that?
I think it's Dr. Hamilton.
The media freak?
Yeah.
What's he doing skulking around in the woods?
I don't know, but I have a feeling it's not just a coincidence.
I'm gonna go talk to him.
I'm gonna go talk to Lana.
I think whatever happened to my father is about to happen to her.
I want something better than progress.
I was just at the hospital.
They're getting worse.
Lana, where have you been?
Money called in sick and we haven't got anyone to cover.
Why is this my problem?
Because Nell's in Metropolis and you're the assistant manager.
Well, I'm taking the afternoon off,
so I guess we're closing early.
Listen up.
We're closing early, so coffee's on the house.
Drink up.
I'll call back.
Lana, Talon closes at 9.
Not today?
You're not impressing anyone with the evidence.
Not today, Lana.
You're talking to someone who set the bar for adolescent rebellion.
That's right.
I heard you were quite the bad boy before you joined us here in Smallville.
It's nothing I'm proud of.
Please.
You don't really care about the talent?
You only invested because I asked you to.
Now, why would you go and do a thing like that?
Hm?
It shouldn't be that long.
The Luthers are famous for their ulterior motives.
I'm not sure I'm the only one who's been involved in this.
So tell me, Lex.
Was it really about profit?
I'm not sure what this is.
But it isn't you, Lana.
Are you feeling okay?
Actually, I'm a little nervous.
I might need some guidance.
You know?
From someone who's been around me for a long time.
I'm not sure.
I don't know what you're talking about.
From someone who's a little more experienced.
What do you say, boss?
Lana, where have you been in the last 24 hours?
It's none of your business.
What's your problem?
This isn't you.
Why?
Because I'm not doing exactly as I'm told?
Because I'm not sitting in a corner hiding in a book?
Look, for once I'm not scared of life and no one can handle it because you all prefer the insecure little girl.
Well I'm sick of her and all her talk about her dead parents.
Mark!
Dr. Hales?
Hello. Chloe Sullivan, Smallville Torch. We spoke a few times on the internet about the meteors.
Chloe!
Well, um, can you tell me what you were doing out in the woods last night?
What I do there most nights? Search for meteor samples. I find it easier to spot them with flashlights.
So you didn't see them?
You didn't see me and my friend.
I heard voices, I saw flashlights, I know that kids like to party and as you know, I don't like company.
So you weren't there looking over the accident scene?
What accident?
I must be mistaken. Sorry to have bothered you.
And what were you doing in the woods last night?
Partying with my friends.
I was doing a little bit of everything until the Haitian Vladimir.
I was disappointed.
Childhood friends!
For now, you are only friends.
Really?
I am sorry, but I've threatened you inf сог with you from the start.
I've playing pranks on you at school and in the yard, I think I just might have какие-то particular blond
things to teach me how to play father.
You've gone against teach her in school, but why for that?
Did you taste her ef?
Ao!
Lana, what is going on? Does Sur wheel any of his?
Should by now.
Look, something happened to you. I just don't know what it is.
It's called self-confidence.
For the first time, I'm not repressing my feelings.
I'm free.
No, you're not.
You should talk.
You had me in the pool, and you didn't take your chance.
I see the way you look at me. Why don't you just tell me how you feel?
Lana, you're sick. I need to get you to a hospital.
Don't avoid the question, Clark.
Are you in love with me?
Lana.
I'm such a coward.
You can't even answer a simple question.
You want me? Come and get me.
Lana, stop.
What's the matter, Clark? Afraid of heights?
What are you doing? Come down.
Lana.
Lana!
Clark?
Coming through!
Grads, make it up safe.
What happened?
I know she's got the same symptoms as Dad and Bieles.
How's Dad?
He slipped into a coma.
The doctors don't know how long he'll last.
Mrs. Kent, I've got doctors flying in from Metropolis.
I'm gonna do everything I can for Mr. Kent.
Clark, I'm sorry.
It's not your fault, Lex.
Dr. Hamilton had a call.
He said he was in a coma.
He's got a copy of this book in his barn.
The Nicodemus Diary.
It's a firsthand account of Smallville's first mystery.
In 1871, the whole settlement went postal
before they even had a post office.
Nice to know Smallville was still whack
before the media's got here.
Yeah.
In the diary, they talk about a flower.
The settlers called it Nicodemus.
They said it liberated repressed feelings,
sent them into rages, then fever, and finally...
Well...
All right, well, where can we find this flower?
Well, let's see, that's the glitch.
After the massacre, the cavalry torched the whole settlement.
They wanted to make sure that whatever caused it wasn't gonna spread.
The flower's been extinct for over 100 years.
Well, what does Hamilton have to do with this?
Isn't he a geologist?
It was a meteor fixation.
The tract on this paper he wrote six years ago.
Metropolis University Press.
I think this is the last straw.
In it, he postulates that meteor rocks can be used
to irradiate dormant plant cells.
So you think Hamilton pulled a Jurassic Park
and brought back the Nicodemus?
And now he's trying to cover it up.
Let's go talk to him.
Wait, there's more.
Dr. Hamilton didn't check out the Nicodemus diary.
Lex did.
You think he's involved?
I told you all along he was bad news.
Pete, we don't know anything yet.
Good.
I'll call back.
I just got off the phone with the doctors.
They think they've isolated the problem.
Does it have to do with the Nicodemus flower?
I know that you checked the diary out of the library.
Yes, I did, Clark.
Why?
Because my property was built on the site of the original settlement.
I always thought it was an interesting story.
When I heard about your dad's symptoms,
I remembered it, tracked it down to see if it could be any help.
Why didn't you tell me about it?
Clark, it's a crackpot story I was grasping at straws.
Do you know Dr. Steven Hamilton?
Who's that?
Don't lie to me.
Clark, calm down.
I'm not.
I know you're worried about your father and Lana,
but I checked the book out of the library.
That's it.
I'm not responsible for what happened,
and I'm doing everything in my power to fix it.
That's the truth, Clark.
Okay, keep your flashlight low.
You're an expert on breaking and entering now.
Old other.
few with a
pip fabulous peace
again and the
Pete?
You looking for me?
Oh, no.
Do you have any idea how beautiful you are?
Okay, Pete, you've been infected.
We've got to get you to the hospital.
That's right.
Ignore Pete.
He's just a funny guy.
You don't have to sweat his feelings
because you've only got eyes for Clark.
Calm down, Pete. I'm going to call Clark.
He's probably hanging out with his new best friend, Lex Luthor.
Give me your keys.
Why? Where are you going?
I'm serious, Chloe.
Give me your damn keys!
Daaamn!
Tamper Kim mission.
Please take a cake.
Thanks, David.
Can't wait to get a Olsen.
Jacob.
I will meet you at theOncle Sam's.
I really will!
Hmm?
...
How is he?
Not good.
Clark, Mr. Beals died half an hour ago.
With all my abilities, there's nothing I can do.
What do we do if Dad...
...doesn't want to see me?
Did I ever tell you about the first time I ever saw him?
No.
He came to Metropolis U to take a finance course.
And he was sitting by a fountain, all denim and flannel, eating an apple.
And I asked to borrow his notes.
He didn't know that I was the note-taker for the class.
He still does.
You're sly, Mom.
He was so cute.
So I asked him for his notes, and he just handed over his notebook without even asking my name.
And I said, how can you be so sure I'll bring it back?
And he said, I prefer to believe in people.
It sounds like Dad.
And I remember looking at him.
I was completely embarrassed because I was thinking the dumbest thing.
I was thinking, God, I hope he marries me.
I still think that every day there's a part of me that says, God, I hope he marries me.
I'm sorry, Mrs. Kent.
Can I talk to you for a second, clerk?
Go.
I'm so sorry.
Dr. Hamilton was lying.
I found the Nicodemus flower in the barn.
One got Pete, and he took a really quick turn to scary.
Where did he go?
He grabbed a gun, and he said he was going after Lex.
This flower has existed for hundreds of years.
Now, the Native Americans must have developed some sort of herbal antidote,
and these are the instructions.
Where'd you find it?
Collecting dust in some old museum.
Now, it's a one-of-a-kind, so they're gonna want it back.
I'll get it up to my team in Metropolis immediately.
Nobody's going anywhere.
Pete.
What are you doing here?
I knew you were behind this.
You pretended to be Clark's friend, but you're not.
And now his dad's gonna die.
Because of you.
What's this about?
Do not pretend you don't know!
I went to your barn!
He's infected.
Pete, we have the cure. We're gonna make everyone better.
You're nothing but a liar.
Clark can't see it, but I can.
And now you're gonna pay.
No.
Pete, if that book is destroyed, you and Lana and Mr. Ken will all die.
You're lying.
Pete, I want to help you.
You don't want to help anybody but yourself!
You come to town, and suddenly you're Clark's new best friend!
I used to think he was a good judge of character.
Lex, the book.
Pete, I'm gonna reach in there and grab that book.
If you want to shoot me.
Go ahead.
No problem.
Get out!
Say goodbye, Lex.
Pete!
Don't do it!
We used to be best friends.
His dad screwed over my dad,
and now he's trying to screw up things between us.
The world's a better place without us.
You're not gonna get away with this.
Not with me.
I'm not gonna get away with this.
You're not gonna get away with this.
Pete, put the gun down.
He's behind all this.
I saw Hamilton here.
They're working on this together.
Is that true?
Clark, he's delusional.
I don't believe you.
You're right, Pete.
He's been lying to everyone.
Yeah, I know who my true friends are.
I knew you'd see the light.
Clark, what are you doing?
You can't talk your way out of this one.
I see you.
You really are.
Friendship is over.
Nice one.
I'll finish you.
How'd you do that?
Don't worry, Pete.
We'll get you to the hospital.
Clark, what the hell?
No.
I'm sorry, Lex.
So that was an act?
I didn't know what else to do.
He was gonna shoot you.
You had me for a moment.
I thought you were serious.
They feed you on that farm.
Was Hamilton really here?
What do you think, Clark?
I don't know.
You still can't talk about Gordon.
You won't touch him?
So what?
You can't feed us?
No.
I can actually feed you something.
Here.
No.
You can't eat anything.
We should eat our own insects.
dawg!
We're not eating our own insects.
Have you taken up that rat test yet?
Uh-uh.
Don't do nothing but thumbnail.
Have fun, Lincoln.
The water's boiling at 100 feet.
So will terrńsk display technology.
You might be okay.
I'll tell you that now.
How come he doesn't call me at night?
Wait.
What?
Why does that care.
Oh, wait a minute.
American remedy.
How are Pete and Lana?
They're already up.
Dad, do you remember anything?
No.
Doctors think it's because of the fever.
Trust me, it's better that way.
Come on.
We're going to talk.
Oh, sweet.
Dr. Hamilton, hello.
What'd you do with my lab?
I destroyed it.
How dare you?
You're lucky you found a cure nobody infected
can remember anything.
The people are talking.
I'm sure Beals worked for my father,
and then there's Chloe Sullivan.
I'm sensing this relationship
is over.
No, Doctor.
I think you're very talented.
You just need closer supervision.
I recently acquired a small research facility
outside Metropolis, Cadmus Labs.
I'm going to hide you out there.
Remember, Lex, you're the one opening Pandora's box.
I'm just the key, Dr. Hamilton.
OK.
Open your eyes a little.
It's Metropolis.
It's beautiful.
I can't believe we're up here.
It's actually getting down, which
is going to be the interesting part.
Ahem.
Yeah.
It's good to have you back, love.
I spent the entire day apologizing to the talent
staff, and to Lex, and to Whitney.
I just wish I could remember what happened.
Sounds like I got a little out of control there.
You spoke your mind, and you did what you wanted.
Kind of an alpha lotto.
I couldn't believe what I was wearing.
I kind of liked it.
Clark, I didn't say or do anything embarrassing to you
that I should know about.
Did I?
Good.
I want to be a human being.
I want to be a woman.
I just, I don't know what else I'm thinking.
What is it?
Don't you wanna be a woman?
Yeah, I want to be a woman.
How does it feel being on top of the world?
It's a lovely small world.
I feel free.
It's a beautiful day, sky falls,
you feel like it's a beautiful day.
I'm just so excited.
I wanna see you.
I'm just so happy.
So happy.
To let it get away on the road
But you've got no destination in the mind
You've got no destination in the mind